Things to note for you:
***** Represent the Section 
*** Represent the chapters under the section 

***** Secction 12: Let's Talk About LLM Applications in Production.

*** chapter 76

Here author discusses these topics  
RUntime, Context Window, Hallucinations, Fine Tuning, Pricing, Response Validation, Security, Overkilling

And here it is the acutal transcript of the video:
Eden: Hey there, Eden here,
and in this video I wanna talk about
integrating agent into a production environment.
And specifically I want to discuss
the challenges in doing so.
(graphics whooshing)
So, we saw that when working with agents,
we are using a lot of LLM calls
because we're using the LLM as a reasoning engine.
So, every step we're going to make
and every tool we're going to use,
it needs to come after an LLM call
where the LLM has decided to use that tool.
And this will result in multiple calls to the LLM,
but not only will have multiple calls,
but those will be sequential calls, one after another,
where each one is waiting for the result of the prior one.
So, this depends how complex is our task
and how many reasoning steps do we need to make,
and can easily escalate
into a very long running application.
So, we need to take that in mind.
And there are some workarounds for this,
like using a semantic cache and using an LLM cache,
but we'll not discuss it in this course.
The next thing I want to talk about is the context window.
You notice that we send a huge prompt to the LLM
every time we make a reasoning step.
Now, most of LMS nowadays
can handle around 32k tokens.
It may sound a lot,
but in a real-world application,
we can easily surpass that limit.
So, eventually, we are limited
by the number of steps we can make
because of the context window.
Now, I know there are models like Cloud Anthropic,
which can receive up to 1k tokens,
but de facto working with 100k tokens
sending to the LLM introduce us with a lot of problems,
like the LLM tend to forget what's in the middle.
See the paper of Lost in the Middle.
Okay, so the third thing
I want to talk about is hallucinations.
Now, we know hallucination
is when it's sent to the LLM a question
and the LLM responds
with something not relevant for that question
because eventually the LLM
is guessing one token after another.
And retrieval augmentation, by the way,
is a nice technique to reduce hallucinations
because we ground the LLM with information
that we send in the context.
Anyways, 'cause the large language model
is a statistical creature,
then this means we have a probability
of getting the correct answer.
And the correct answer
is actually choosing the correct tool to use.
So, let's assume that we have 0.9 probability
of getting the correct response
that chooses the correct tool.
Now, if we do this only once,
that's okay and that's a very good probability.
However, if we're making sequential calls
one after another and after another,
then by the multiplication law, after a few steps,
and in this case after six steps,
then we get that the probability
for getting a good answer drops to 0.59%,
and this is only for six consecutive calls.
What if we have a huge task that requires more?
Then this number drops even more.
So, there are ways to solve it,
and one of the ways is to use fine tuning.
And by that I mean to take an LLM
and fine tune it for tool selection.
So, there are research papers about that
and that people manage to fine tune LLMs
to make the tool selection, for example, to run API calls
to have them yield better results.
So, instead of a 90% chance,
the chance of getting the correct tool is much, much higher
because the LLM is fine tuned on the tools
that the agent have to its disposal.
Okay, let's talk about pricing.
Now, you know that we pay for the tokens
that we send and receive from the LLM.
Now, if you're using agents,
you saw how big the prompts can get.
And when we do this in scale by the millions,
then you can figure out that the billing report
we're going to get is going to be very high.
And I didn't even mention GPT-4,
which has a strong reasoning capability,
but runs very, very slow and is very expensive.
So, if we use that and we use it in scale,
then we can get into a situation
where it's not financially worth for us to run those agents.
So, there are a couple of strategies to solve this,
the first one is to use some kind of cache, semantic cache,
instead of making an LLM call, we discussed this.
And another one is to use retrieval augmentation
for the tool selection.
We're not going to show this in this course,
but retrieval augmentation for the tool selection
can also handle in a case
where we have too many tools to choose.
So, in that way, before we make the LLM call
for the reasoning process,
we do a semantic search and retrieve those relevant tools
that have a high probability
to be the correct tools to our answer.
So, now we need to talk about response validation.
By the way, all the topics I discussed
are relevant for all LLM application
and are real-world challenges.
So, it's not only for agents,
it's also for every LLM application.
So, because we're making a call to the LLM
and we're counting on it
and based on that response
we're going to maybe choose some tool
or maybe output something to the user,
then we need to have a mechanism that validates this.
Because even if the LLM responds us with the correct answer,
but it's not in the correct format,
then it can mess up our application.
So, testing it is a very complicated task.
And I personally haven't encountered
a robust solution for this issue.
Okay, let's talk about security.
And in iGenetic applications,
we give the LLM capabilities to do stuff.
For example, to run queries against the database,
make an API call, or talk to a third party,
and the agent has permissions to do all of this stuff.
So, if some malicious user hijacks our prompt
with prompt injection
or get a hold of our API key,
then they can have access into our tools.
And if our database is proprietary
and we don't want to expose it, then we are in a problem.
So, security is a big issue,
and overall we want to adhere
to the least privilege principle,
and that is to give those tools and to those agents
the minimum permissions as they require.
We want to have guardrails on the prompts
we send to our agents
and to allow and not allow maybe some prompts.
So, there are many open source solutions for this.
Now, I recommend using LLM Guard,
which is an open source
that I think is a very promising one,
which offers a lot of functionality
when it comes to LLM security,
integrating LLMs in production.
Now, the last topic I want to talk about
is overkilling it when using agents.
Agents are good when we have a deterministic sequence
of steps we want to execute.
If we know exactly what we want to execute
and we can define it by talking or by writing code,
then we don't need to use agents.
I've encountered multiple people in companies
trying to achieve things with LLM agents
where the real solution and robust solution
was to simply implement some deterministic code in Python
that would achieve what they wanted.
So, my advice to you before you use agents,
really think if you can implement it yourself
in some deterministic code.
If you can, then I really don't suggest you using agents
because, as you saw, it has a lot of challenges.
And that's it for this video.
And I really want to give a quick disclaim over here.
I think agents are an amazing technology
and they have a massive potential for us
to achieve great things.
I don't think it's easy going from a prototype
to a production application.
It is totally possible, but it has a lot of challenges.
By no means, I'm not saying
that agents are not ready for production, I didn't say that.
I just mean that we need to be very careful
when we use them because it comes with a lot of cost.
And integrating such great technology
comes with a cost, and we saw the challenges.


*** chapter 77 LLM Application Development Landscape

Here author discusses these topics  
Simple LLM calls, VectorStores (RAG), Agents , Agents + VectorStores

And here it is the acutal transcript of the video:
Instructor: So let's have an overview
of what's my take in the LLM applications landscape.
I like to classify it into four main categories.
The first one is company slash people
that are writing LLM applications, which all boils down
to a simple LLM call.
Those applications slash features simply send inputs
to the LLM, get a response back, maybe manipulate it a bit,
but eventually display to the user.
And that's it.
Very simple, not sophisticated,
but a lot of time can bring a lot of value
to customers and to users.
For example, an application I liked is this application
that creates children's stories.
When we give it the subjects and the topics.
It will send those to the LLM
and create a children's story with cartoons
and with pictures, and it's very cool in my opinion.
But the overall implementation is pretty simple.
More advanced LLM applications will incorporate some kind
of vector store
and use the retrieval augmentation generation pattern
with semantic search in those vector stores in order
to get the relevant chunks, the relevant data
to answer super specific domain related questions.
For example, an application that I like is called Quiver,
and it's also called the second brain,
where you simply dump all of your information,
whether it's PDFs, whether it's databases,
whether it's videos or chat history,
and it simply index them the information in a vector store
and uses the RAG pattern, the RAG pattern
with semantic search in order to QA over our data.
So the idea behind this application is
that you simply dump it all and then you can chat with it.
Now, if we want to take our application up a notch as far
as LLM complexity, we can incorporate agents
and leverage the LLM reasoning engine in order
to run non-deterministic code
and basically have an agent that will decide which tools
to use when it's the most appropriate.
An interesting use case I saw is
of a cybersecurity company called Torq,
where they created an agent called Socrates which
resolves and remediates alerts with non-deterministic steps.
So it reads the alert information
and then decide how to remediate it
by utilizing the security tooling already connected
to the Torq hyper automation platform.
Excellent example of how to utilize agents
for real world issues like cybersecurity.
Now, the last pattern I wanna talk about is combining agents
and vector stores with semantic search.
So projects like AutoGPT, like GPT Engineer,
they incorporate vector stores
to implement something which is called a long-term memory
and are using semantic search in order
to achieve very advanced capabilities.
Those capabilities can be mimicking human behavior
agents talking and interacting with each other
and solving complex tasks.
Now, all those projects, AutoGPT, GPT Engineer,
Baby AGI, they're in the very, very beginning
and they're pioneering what's called autonomous agents.
So to summarize this session, my main point was
that we can classify every LLM application today to one
of those categories.
My goal in this course was to teach you how
to implement those patterns yourself.
So we learned about agents
and we learned about vector stores
and how to interact with the LLMs
and the theory behind it so you can go
and build your own applications.


*** chapter 78 LLMs in Production : Privacy and Data Retention

https://openai.com/policies/row-privacy-policy/
https://developers.openai.com/api/docs/guides/your-data

Here author discusses these topics  
Privacy , Data Retention

And here it is the acutal transcript of the video:
Hey there.
Eden here.
And in this video, I'm going to cover some of the important concerns when dealing with managed large
language models.
And I want to cover here some key points about data retention and privacy.
And I think those are very important issues that we should be aware of at least.
And when taking a generative AI application to production, which uses large language models, then
you have to answer questions like is the data being used for training purposes, or how long the data
is being retained for and for which purposes, copyrights issues, and how can you use the generated
text, and a lot of more things that you need to be aware of and you need to answer.
Now, this is a huge, huge topic and I can go for hours to talk about it.
And there are tons of requirements and rules and regulations, etc. in this video I'm going to go only
on a few of them, so this is definitely not the full list of things you should be aware of, but just
the beginning and something to help you get started and to give you an introduction to it.
And before we begin, just a very important disclaimer, and this disclaimer is super important.
I am not a lawyer.
This is not a legal advice, and you should consult with your legal team and privacy team before integrating
any LLM based solution in your enterprise.
There are a lot of rules and a lot of regulations that I am not aware of, and the topic of data retention
and privacy is very, very sensitive and should have appropriate handling.
I am also not representing any LLM vendor here, and I'm not giving legal advice.
And every LLM vendor is going to have a Eula, an end user license agreement where they have their terms
of services and they specify how they handle your data.
And it's a legal document that you should look into.
Okay.
I'm just giving you my $0.02 here.
And again, I'm not a lawyer and this is not a legal advice.
So this is a very important disclaimer.
You should always talk to your legal team and privacy team and to act according to what they say.
This video is for educational purposes, and I'm going to give you my $0.02 on this topic.
So you should take everything I say in this video with a grain of salt.
And you should really do your own research when it comes to this topic.
Let's start by talking about data retention and what happens to our data that we send to the model to
a managed model like OpenAI, GPT four or Mini, or Google Cloud's Vertex AI Gemini.
And I want to make a very clear distinction over here.
I'm not talking about the B2C direct to consumer products like ChatGPT or Gemini, which was formerly
known as Bard, but I'm talking about the cloud APIs that they expose for enterprises and businesses.
And again, I want to reiterate, I'm not a lawyer.
This is not a legal advice.
And you should do your own research.
And if you're working for an enterprise, you should consult with your legal team.
All managed vendors have a Eula and users license agreement, and you can see all of the details there.
And this is a legal document which you can read and it has all the information.
But I'm going to give you my $0.02 in this topic.
And a lot of people are concerned what happens with their data.
And they're worried that the managed data vendor are going to train their next model on data that they
will be sending to the model or the generated output.
And from what I saw, in most cases, at least in the top tier models, then there is a guarantee that
they're not going to use the data that we send or the generated text to training purposes.
So we get a guarantee that they're not going to use their data for the model training.
At least that's the default behavior.
If we do want to allow them to do this, we can opt in voluntarily for that.
And by the way, this is a very valid concern because if we're working for an enterprise and we want
to integrate an LLM based solution, we need to make sure this is the case, because we might be dealing
with proprietary data of our organization that we do not want to expose, and we do not want to get
leaked or to get trained on, God forbid.
And if we have customers, we of course, do not want their data to be trained on, because probably
we're going to have legal obligations that is going to protect their data.
So this is the first thing I want to address.
All right.
So this was about training on data that we send to the LLM.
Of course you should expect differences between different LLM vendors.
And let's talk about data retention.
And our vendors going to save the data that we send the LLM.
And if so for how long.
What kind of rules do they have for which purposes, etc..
And in this example of OpenAI, we can see that it clearly says that in order to identify abuse, they
may retain our requests for 30 days and after it it will be deleted.
Or if there are other law requirements.
And they do mention that for some customers they may have a zero retention policy, which is available
where none of the data will be logged or persisted, and it's going to be only used for serving purposes.
And of course, this may also change between vendors.
I did see other vendors where they have a zero retention policy right from the get go, and in order
to log and to retain some of it, you would need to explicitly opt in.
So again, there are differences between the vendors and those may change over time.
All of the rules.
And one last disclaimer.
So even when providers are going to guarantee that they're not going to train their model with our data
and we're going to have zero retention policies.
And for some organizations, this is simply not enough.
Let's take the banking institutions, for example, or insurance companies, they usually have very
strict regulations and very strict policies when it comes to privacy and when it comes to data retention
and sharing customers data, because it is very, very sensitive.
And for those companies, those promises and those guarantees from the LM vendors is not enough.
And usually if they do want to integrate generative AI into their applications, they are going to self
deploy open source models.
And with self deploying open source models in their environment, they will have control over their
data, their retention policies, and they have all the control they need.
However, it will come with a cost because serving LMS is not that simple and they would need to handle
scalability, durability, availability, all those ilities, which is a lot of operations work and
it's not simple to do correctly.
It also costs a lot of money and a lot of effort because they would need to host it on GPUs, and they
would need people to maintain it and to.
Handle the deployment.
And of course they would need to handle the security.
Because even open source models can have vulnerabilities in them, which I.
Didn't discuss at all.
And it comes with a price as well.
And there is also.
This middle ground of hosting the LMS, the open source LMS within their cloud environments.
So they're going to use the managed services of cloud providers to.
Deploy those open source LMS.
So they shift the burden of all those edits to.
The cloud provider, they still have control because it's going to be their.
Cloud environment.
And they can enforce their security controls in.
Their cloud environment.
And just to conclude in this video, I just wanted to.
Introduce you with a couple of things that you need to consider when it comes to privacy and data retention
when using large language models.
This is a very deep topic and we can talk about it for hours.
And my goal here in this video is just to give you an introduction and some things to concern.

*** chapter 79 Generative UI/UX featuring Copilotkit

https://docs.copilotkit.ai/langgraph-python
https://www.copilotkit.ai/
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nBephBv4zr0&t=3s

And here it is the acutal transcript of the video:
Hey there.
Eden here.
And in this video I want to talk to you about user experience and user interface in generative AI applications.
So building the back ends of our generative AI applications is one challenge.
And we can spend a lot of time in the back end building our agent and building our rack system and making
sure that the output that we give the user is the correct output, that it's trustworthy, and a quality
output.
However, this is just one piece of the puzzle.
In order to have our application complete, we need to create a beautiful user interface and a very
natural user experience for our users.
To be able to trust our application and trust between users and generative AI applications is something
that we need to work for, because users know that generative applications are, let's just say, flaky
and they not always yielding the correct responses.
And they can fail sometimes.
And there is a huge challenge of doing this correctly.
And in this video I will be featuring copilot kit and copilot kit is an amazing open source which helps
us bridge this gap of creating beautiful interfaces, but more importantly, more natural user experiences
in our generative AI applications.
And I think Copilot Kit offers us today the best building blocks for building a beautiful generative
UI.
And when I talk about generative UI, I mean, in general, the user interface of our generative AI
application, which is based on the LLM.
And I think that in order to create this trust between the user and our system, then we need to be
transparent.
So the user needs to know where does the answer come from.
And for example, if we're building an agent then we need to be transparent on which tools does the
agent have and which tools the agent is using to generate the answer.
Why did he chose that tool?
So the reasoning behind the agent may be some intermediate calculations until we get the final answer.
So we can see how the final answer is being curated.
And even in a Rag application, we need to be transparent and to show the user which documents did we
use to generate the answer so it will know where it's grounded from.
And all of this is going to create better trust between the user and our generative AI application.
All right.
Let's talk now about copilot Kit.
And by the way, all of the demos you saw in this video are taken from the copilot kit documentation.
They're open source.
And in my opinion, they're pioneering right now the landscape of generative UI and generative UX.
So in their repository you can skim around and you can find some starter kits to help you implement
beautiful front ends for your back end generative AI applications.
So this is not a full stack course, so I won't be going into that deeply.
I'm simply introducing now the topics, but overall they simply introduce a bunch of components and
hooks that we can use in our front ends, which makes it super easy to build generative UI and to build
very good user experience on top of our generative AI applications, which is powered with langchain
or with langgraph, etc..
I want to elaborate on the support for langchain and langgraph applications, and they introduce co
agents which seamlessly integrates with langgraph backends.
And I think the video here by Ariel from copilot Kit, which I will link in this video, is demonstrating
this beautifully.
And when we have a langgraph application, so a lot of things and a lot of moving parts are happening.
We have the state which is constantly changing.
We have intermediate results in that state.
We have nodes that are executing, maybe nodes that are executing in parallel.
We also have human in the loop where we stop the execution of the graph and we go to take the user input.
And then we want to resume the execution of the graph.
So a lot of moving parts here.
And to build a frontend for this.
To be honest it sounds like a nightmare.
But copilot kit did a very good job to implement components for all of that I discussed all built on
top of langgraph applications, which I think is super important and it's super easy to integrate both
langgraph with copilot kit.
I just want to be clear, I don't have any affiliation with copilot kit.
I genuinely believe this is a good project, and I think they're doing an amazing job in the field of
generative UI.

*** chapter 80 Official Langchain Academy Courses

https://academy.langchain.com/
https://academy.langchain.com/courses/foundation-introduction-to-langchain-python
https://academy.langchain.com/courses/intro-to-langgraph

-: Hey there, Eden here.

And in this video I want to show you some cool resources
that the LangChain team has officially curated for us
on learning the LangChain ecosystem.
So in the LangChain website over here,
if I go to Resources, we have here the LangChain Academy.
Now the LangChain Academy is a bunch of online courses,
which are free, which offer valuable information
on how to use and how to build on the LangChain ecosystem.
So for example, I show in my course the gist of LangSmith.
I certainly do not go in depth
and there is a lot of depth in the LangSmith product
on tracing, on monitoring,
on evaluating our LLM applications.
And you can learn more about this
in this LangSmith course over here.
So let me just show you how to go to this course.
Going to sign in into my user.
So here I can go and I can enroll for free.
And here we have the video lessons.
All right, so this is the course.
You can see it right now on the left side,
you can see all the videos in the different sections.
And I think it's a very good course
if you want to take an application from a POC
and to take it to production.
Because if you want to do this, you have to trace it,
you have to monitor it,
you have to evaluate it on real-time,
and you need to collect human feedback on your users.
And what answer did you generate?
Were they good, were they bad?
And overall, this course gives a very good introduction
on how to use the LangSmith service in order to do so.
Now, I think this is one of the best,
if not the best products for tracing, for observability,
and for monitoring LLM applications right now.
So it doesn't really surprise me
because LangChain are the leaders in this ecosystem,
at least the way I see it.
So you can take a look at the videos
and all of the videos comes with resources
that you can actually use and you can download,
you can check out the GitHub repositories if you want
to run things locally or in your notebooks.
So I really do recommend it and it's really well curated
and it's really well produced.
So good job to the LangChain team
and I really recommend this course.

*** chapter 81 Open Source LLMs vs Managed LLM Providers (Deepseek)

Eden Marco: Hey there, Eden here.
And in this video,
I want to address a commonly asked question
about using LLMs in production.
So, this is the debate whether to use an open source LLM,
like Deepseek, like Llama 3.2,
or to use managed large language models
like GPT-4o mini by a OpenAI,
or using Sonnet by Anthropic,
or using Google Gemini.
And my point of view is going to be the point of view
of enterprise organizations
and what do I suggest them doing?
Of course, there is no one size fits all,
and I think every use case
should be considered independently.
And I'm going to give you my general opinion
and I will try to touch on as many aspects
as I can when it comes to this debate.
Just a very important disclaimer,
and this disclaimer is super important.
I'm not a lawyer.
This is not a legal advice,
and you should consult with your legal team
and privacy team before integrating any LLM-based solution
in your enterprise.
There are a lot of rules
and a lot of regulations that I'm not aware of,
and the topic of data retention
and privacy is very, very sensitive
and should have appropriate handling.
I'm also not representing any LLM vendor here
and I'm not giving legal advice
and every LLM vendor is going to have a EULA,
an end user license agreement
where they have their terms of services
and they specify how they handle your data.
And it's a legal document that you should look into, okay?
I'm just giving you my 2 cents here.
And again, I'm not a lawyer and this is not a legal advice.
So, this is a very important disclaimer.
You should always talk to your legal team and privacy team
and to act according to what they say.
This video is for educational purposes,
and I'm going to give you my 2 cents on this topic.
So, you should take everything I say in this video
with a grain of salt
and you should really do your own research
when it comes to this topic.
All right, so let me start by saying that right now,
at least in 2025,
open source models have gone a long way
and they are becoming quite good.
And we have models like Deepseek,
which has amazing results in benchmarks
and can actually outperform managed models.
And in the future, it is inevitable
that we're going to have more and more open source models
which outperform those managed large language models.
Okay, so let's start
about using open source models in production.
So, first of all, allegedly it's going to be cost effective
because they're free,
and they're cheaper sometimes to operate
because they're smaller,
they proprietary models.
So, this is going to be with a question mark
because I don't believe in large scale
that they're going to be actually much cheaper.
All right.
And let's talk about customizations
because organizations can fine-tune those models
for specific tasks or domains
that potentially can outperform
those general purpose proprietary large language models.
And I think one of the major advantages
of using open source models in production for organizations
is the control and privacy.
So, companies can host their models, their sales,
on their internal servers,
so the data doesn't leave their servers
and they can keep it safe and private.
And I think this is especially true
for companies which are highly regulated,
like banks, maybe hospitals
or organizations dealing with health data
which are under compliance and under heavy regulation.
All right, so let me now tackle those advantages.
So, cost effectiveness is actually not true in my opinion
because this means even though the model is free,
because it's open source and we can actually use it
or locally in our machine,
but deploying it so that it can actually be served
to customers in large scale is a very, very hard task.
We need to handle availability, durability,
scalability, all the agility.
We need to handle security
and we need to handle a lot of things.
And now our task becomes,
rather than developing an LLM application,
but making an LLM model be able to serve our customers
and to handle our scale.
So, I think this really derails the goal
of using open source models
because it shifts all the responsibility
and all the work to start handling a lot of operations.
And one might argue that we can use a managed services
that host those open source models,
so to use services like Grok.
So, they are correct, but once we do that,
we actually lose a lot of the benefits
because we wanted them to be on our server
so they can be private
and we'll have control over what's going to be generated.
And once we use those services like Grok, then we lose that.
And let's talk about pricing.
Whether we deploy it ourself, it's going to cost a lot.
If it's not going to cost a lot of compute
and GPUs to serve those models,
it's going to cost a lot because we need
to pay for engineers to deploy them
and for operations team to handle them and to monitor them.
So, a lot of costs is involved of deploying those LLMs,
open source of LLMs.
And if we'll go even to managed services like Grok,
to use them,
then the pricing is not that compelling
and it's not that cheaper from those managed LLMs,
proprietary LLMS from vendors like OpenAI,
Anthropic, and Google and many other more.
And the trend of those first party models
are going to be that they're getting better,
faster, and cheaper as we go in time.
All right, so let me talk about benefits
of using the managed LLMs.
So, those proprietary models that are offered as a service.
And let's talk about the advantages.
So, first of all, the ease of use.
They're super easy to use
and they're simple to integrate
and we don't need to handle deployment.
So, it reduced the time to market
because we can simply plug and play.
They're very reliable and offer support
because the vendors provide professional support and updates
and optimizations as we go in time.
And regarding compliance.
So, most LLMs are actually compliant for SOC 2
and for HIPAA,
and every vendor can tell you if they're compliant or not
and to which compliance issues.
All right, and let's talk now also about performance.
So, those,
managed LLMs of the big vendors
are usually quite good and they offer very quality results.
And let's talk about the elephant in the room.
So, sending a sensitive data to a third party service,
it may not be suitable for all organizations,
however many organizations are cloud-based.
And if they're cloud-based,
then their data is already in the cloud.
So, they're storing their databases in AWS
or in Google Cloud, and the data is already there.
So, why is it so scary sending some prompts
to those vendors?
Because for example, let's say Anthropic.
So, Anthropic, has their model available
also on AWS Bedrock and on Google Cloud.
So, those customers which deploy their services
on those clouds can actually consume the service.
So, it's going to stay on the cloud already.
And if you're example using Gemini in Google
and you're already deployed on Google Cloud,
then it doesn't differ than using another database
or another managed services.
And I also want to address a fine-tuning.
So, you can actually fine-tune proprietary models
and the vendors actually offer this capability.
However, I'm not personally a big fan of fine-tuning
because in my opinion, in most cases,
we don't really need it and it's simply going to cost us
whether it's time creating our dataset for fine-tuning
or the actual compute to fine-tune the model.
And I think because models are so much better now,
and with the right prompt
and right few shot examples,
we can achieve awesome results which are acceptable
and won't require us to go and fine-tune a model.
Let me know if you want me
to make a video elaborating on this topic.


*** chapter 82 Confidence in AI Resutls By Assaf Elovic & Harrison Chase

https://www.langchain.com/blog/the-hidden-metric-that-determines-ai-product-success

Welcome

Aden is here.
Have you ever wondered why some AI products are taking off and everyone is starting to use them?
Others, even with really cool technology, don't seem to have gotten attached to it.
It turns out that the secret mix often has much less to do with how accurate or complex AI is
Technical.
So my friends Assaf and Harrison wrote this great article about it.
They say the real thing that makes a difference is something they call CAIR.
This means trusting the results of the AI.
It's not just a fluffy idea.
You can actually see how much you have of it.
Guess how they might change and work to improve them.
And frankly, this is the main thing that decides whether your AI product will work.
No matter how cool the stuff under the hood is, getting people to use something
It's about overcoming their fear and building trust.
People need to feel good about using AI to really jump in.
So how can we even figure out this about trust.
This is where CAIR comes in.
CAIR is basically the good things that people get in exchange for the hassle they deal with.
It's pretty much a value divided by risk, multiplied by how much effort it takes to fix things.
Let's analyze it simply.
Value.
These are the good things that users get when the AI actually does what it's supposed to do.
Does it save them time?
Do you save them money?
Help them make something new.
Risk.
This is what happens if the AI gets something wrong.
If AI messes it up, is it just a little annoying or can it cause big problems?
Patch This is the amount of work that a user does to fix the AI error.
Is it hard to undo the mistake?
Do they have to start over, or is there an easy way to hit the back button?
When CAIR is high, people get excited and jump in.
When it's low, no one uses it.
Clear and simple.
The really important thing here is that CAIR comes mostly from how the product is designed, not just how well it works
Artificial intelligence itself.
Yes.
Okay.
If your eye always fails, the value is zero and CAIR will fail.
But we're talking about things that you as a product team can actually control their risk and how easy it is
Fix it.
Look at the indicator, a code editor with built-in AI has become extremely popular.
Code generation with AI.
Sounds risky, doesn't it?
A bad suggestion may break something quite important, but the cursor designed the experience to feel the maximum
A measure of confidence when using his idea.
Low risk.
The code happens there in your editor.
It doesn't automatically change your live system.
Patch is low.
If the suggestion isn't good, just tap Delete or overwrite it.
It is very easy to fix.
High-value developers save massive amounts of time and mental power.
So, CAIR is equal to high divided by low by low, which is very high.
This is just clever product design.
Imagine if the cursor automatically saved the code changes directly into the main code branch.
The risk will be high, even with easy ways to revert to older versions.
Low correction.
CAIR will be much less.
This shows how important it is to separate the test from putting things on live.
Creative tools like Jasper work in a bit of the same way.
It makes me feel like an assistant, not something completely stand-alone.
You get the ideas, but you are the one who has the last word.
This keeps the risk low and the correction low, giving you high CAIR.
Now let's take a look at some of the features on Monday.com that uses artificial intelligence.
Their AI cubes can do things automatically and change your boards.
These boards are often like the heart of a company, containing important information about how things are done.
Medium and incorrect risks and automation can mess up project timelines, send incorrect information, or spoil
Other things are related to it because the paintings are related to each other.
Fixing something wrong could mean looking in a lot of different places to find the value of the changes
High automatic and manually canceled.
Automating tedious tasks on teams can save a lot of time.
CAIR is equal to high divided by mean by medium, which is medium.
This kind of mild CAIR explains why people hesitate, especially in the paintings they use for things
Very important.
Users have to agree to changes they're not entirely sure about, and agree to them before they see how
It's going to work out exactly.
The main idea is to overhaul the obvious by adding preview mode.
Let users see exactly what changes the AI will also make before they actually make them.
This one change reduces the risk from medium to low.
A new CAIR is equal to the highest divided by the lowest multiplied by the average, which is the highest.
This makes people feel more confident and more likely means that more people will use it.
And it did all of this without changing the AI model itself.
These insights are extremely important in high-risk areas such as money, objects, and health.

*** chapter 83 AI FOMO is the New Normal

Hey there, Eden here.
And this video is all about FOMO, the fear of missing out,
and in the ever-changing rapid-pace environment
that we live in.
And specifically I'm talking
about the AI development environment.
So there is this blog which Andrej Karpathy wrote
at the end of 2025, which really resonated
with a lot of people, including myself.
And I think it encompasses a lot of ideas
which I actually agree and believe in.
And this ex post is Andrej's sharing his feelings
on this environment that we live in.
So he says that, "I've never felt
this much behind as a programmer."
So this is very true and I can totally resonate with that.
And I feel it every day
because there are new things coming out every day
and it's really hard, sorry, it's impossible
to keep track on everything
that is happening with all of the AI development.
"The profession is being dramatically refactored
as the bits contributed
by the programmer are increasingly sparse and between.
I have a sense
that I could be 10X more powerful
if I just properly string together
what has become available over the last year,
and failure to claim the boost
feels decidedly like skill issue."
And here he is referring to the FOMO feeling
that we have all been living with,
because we see tons of announcements
and we really don't have the time
to go and dive into everything.
He says that there's a new programmable layer of abstraction
to master in addition to the usual layers below,
involving agents, sub-agents, their prompts,
context, memory, modes, permissions,
tools, plugins, skills, hooks, MCP, LSP,
slash commands, workflows, IDE integrations,
and the need to build an all-encompassing mental model
for strengths and pitfalls
of fundamentally stochastic, fallible, unintelligible
and changing entities suddenly intermingled
with what used to be good old-fashioned engineering.
And the TL; DR for this
is that the software stack has changed.
We no longer write code, we write prompts that write code.
We write prompts that execute
in agents or subagents which invoke tools,
and we get the artifact,
and we are becoming the orchestrators.
And the skill of software engineering
is transferring from being a good coder
of knowing the right syntax
and how to use the technologies,
but to have a more higher-layer orchestrator role.
So we now manage a team of agents
where each agent is doing something else.
And I really like the comparison
of a team lead which manages engineers.
So the team lead goes
and tells the engineers what to do.
The team leader reviews their work, gives them feedback,
and these loops goes on and on and on
until we get the final product.
And the same work
a team lead is doing with engineers, we do with our agents.
We give the agents tasks, we see how they're doing,
we sometimes give them the correct tools
and the correct skills to perform those tasks.
And the work shifted more to review
than to the actual writing and implementation.
And this is a fundamental shift
that we are experiencing right now.
Now, all of the tech stacks of agents,
subagents, MCP, LSP, slash command,
workflows, IDE integrations, this is all true,
and this is the new tech stack.
This is the new programming language of the future.
And I think we have great privilege
to experience this firsthand as everything rapidly evolves.
So we are actually witnessing a paradigm shift
and a new abstraction layer
that we are going to work in order to create software.
So if in the beginning of software,
people used to have punch cards,
which they give the machine
and this would run the code, then we had Assembly,
then we had C++, which abstracted Assembly,
then we had Python, which abstracted C++,
so now we're in an era
where programming languages are abstracted
and English now is the new abstraction.
And the real challenge is for us to orchestrate
how to work with those new abstractions
and to learn to work with their limitations
and to solve those limitations
and to continuously push the limits.
And it talks here about good old-fashioned engineering.
And I have to give you an example
from my personal experience.
So when I was a software engineer,
I hated writing regular expressions.
I hated it.
And there is this website,
I think it's called regex101.com,
and this was a website
that really made things easier
when writing regular expressions.
So we had in our thing, this guy,
he was really, really good in writing regexes.
And every time I needed to go and write one,
I would always go and ask him.
And it was really a skill,
and he was renowned to it in the entire company
that he knew how to write regex.
So everyone who needed to write a regex,
if it was something complicated and not trivial,
that guy was the address.
We always went and asked for this engineer's help.
And today, this skill is actually not useful.
It's like learning how to navigate in a map
in order to drive somewhere.
You have Google Maps, you have Waze,
and today, you can simply ask an LLM
or Cloud Code or Cursor
how to write the regular expression
for what you're looking for.
So, the good old-fashioned engineering is changing.
And there are a lot of skills and techniques
and practices that software engineers had
which are no longer relevant.
And I think being a good software engineer
is simply to be a good problem solver,
and simply being curious,
I think those are the most important skills.
And this is valid for the old software engineering era
and it's valid for the future software engineering era.
And I think curiosity today
is having much more impact on your skills.
Because curiosity, this is what driving the change.
This is what driving to push the limits
and to try things new
and to learn how to do things differently
and potentially better.
And Andrej continues, he said,
"Clearly some powerful alien tool was handed around,
except it comes with no manual
and everyone has to figure out how to hold it and operate it
while the resulting magnitude nine earthquake
is rocking the profession.
Roll up your sleeves to not fall behind."
And I think the key part here is,
"comes with no manual."
And here, actually I think the imagination is the limit,
because all the technology we're seeing of agents,
of coding agents,
of how impressive they get
is a building block on a building block
on a building block on a building block
that will stack up one after another,
each one using the abstraction below.
And it's really amazing to live and see this in action.
And I was lucky enough
to jump on this train when it began,
and I saw how everything evolved,
and I saw how one abstraction
got better and better and better,
and then there was another layer of abstraction
that was created on top of it, which gave us insane results.
And I think the best way to have a deep understanding
is to go back in time and see how things evolved.
Because when you see how things evolved in this space
and you see the iterations,
for example, estate agents,
it all started from a ReAct prompt.
Then this ReAct prompt evolved to function calling,
then with function calling, we got into agentic workflows.
And then after that,
we are in this deep agents era right now
and task delegation and subagents.
And when you're seeing this firsthand
and when you jump on the train
and you see how abstraction is solving problems
from the early abstraction,
you really get in-depth understanding.
And it really removes a bit this FOMO feeling,
because you know what problems exist today,
and when new tools come, you know what they solve.
Now, it says everyone has to figure out
how to hold it and operate it.
So the key thing here is that, of course,
the best practices are things that are in the making.
And we don't have manuals,
we don't have official documentations of imagination,
because it really boils down to imaginations
and to try things and to experiment.
So I think this area here
that we're living in, experimentation is key.
And getting our hands dirty,
as it says here,
is very important in order to do this experimentation.
And in my opinion,
this is the moral of the story of this tweet.
It's sort of assuring us and calming us,
saying that, "Hey, we live in this FOMO world,
and even Andrej Karpathy,
who is a renowned computer scientist,
even he feels the FOMO.
Even he feels not knowing enough and falling behind."
And the way to solve it is to get your hands dirty
and to start experimenting.
And in order to solve this FOMO
is to roll up your sleeves
and to start getting your hands dirty and experimenting.
Now, I have to tell you, the FOMO,
this is something here to stay.
You are always going to feel this FOMO.
I feel it myself.
And I think here focus is really, really important as well.
There are lots of tweets every day,
lots of new technologies, new products
planning to solve X and X and Y.
And I think the skill of distilling the noise
and focusing on what's important,
it's really, really important in this era,
because this is a rabbit hole.
If you go into Twitter, you start scrolling around,
then it's going to have tons of content.
And there is this infinite rabbit hole we can go into
if we don't focus.
And my two cents is that when I go through Twitter,
I see what's new.
I don't go through everything.
I don't dive in deep into everything.
If I found something that interests me,
that solves the problem
that I'm really interested in solving,
I go, I dive deep, and I get my hands dirty.
Cool, so that's it for this video.
And I think my main key point here
is that you are not alone with the FOMO.
everyone is experiencing, including myself,
including Andrej Karpathy.
And we need to accept this FOMO
and we need to keep living with it.

*** chapter 84 Finished Course ? What's next?

-: Hey guys, Eden here, I hope you joined the course

and I would really appreciate if you can write me a review.
This really, really helps.
Now I want to take a recap of this entire course
and what we did so far and how to go next.
So the main idea for this course
was to give you an introduction
and an elaborate introduction
for LLM application development.
We covered two super important patterns
when it comes to developing LLM applications.
The first one is using agents
and leveraging the reasoning capabilities of the LLM,
creating agents which can execute non-deterministic actions,
so this was the first part.
And the second part was dedicated
for retrieval augmentation, for utilizing vector stores
and semantic search and embeddings
in order to chat over our proprietary data
and leveraging this capability.
So every LLM application is either using this pattern
or that pattern or simply making a call to the LLM directly,
and you have now the tools
in order to create those applications.
So now let's talk about what's next
and what do I suggest you're doing in your learning journey
of LLM application development.
So if you've been following along this course,
you probably noticed that developing an LLM application
is not that simple.
Coming up with this perfect prompt,
which would get the best response for the LLM,
requires a lot of work and investing a lot of time.
And what happens if the LLM suddenly changes
and now the prompt is not working as expected?
And what if we want to consider other LLMs in other models
which are faster, maybe cheaper, or maybe more secure?
So we would need to take this prompt
and adjust it to the other LLM.
So prompt management is a really important issue
when it comes to LLM application development.
We also need to monitor our LLMs.
So we want to see how fast are we getting our response,
what's the latency?
How much does each request cost us
and how much are we going to pay to the LLM vendors?
We also have debugging, where something goes wrong,
and we want to understand why the LLM
is not returning us the correct response
and the response that we want.
And that can be a challenge,
especially when we're dealing with agents
and of course, evaluation.
Even if we use the LLM,
how can we know that the response
that we get from the LLM is good?
So we want to have tools
that help us automate all those processes,
because if we're going to evaluate
the LLM response manually,
this would take a lot of time and it doesn't scale.
So all of those problems are being bundled together
into a new evolving field called LLMOps, LLM operations.
And there are several of popular tools
which can help us solve
and to perform better LLM operations.
One famous one is LangSmith by LangChain.
And LangSmith is a unified platform
that enables developers
to build production-grade LLM application.
And it helps with debugging, testing, evaluating,
and monitoring all of the applications,
and allowing us developers
to have quick and efficient development life cycles.
So LangSmith currently is not open source,
so this is something you should consider,
but if you want open source alternative,
you can use Pezzo
and Pezzo really helps with prompt management and tracing
and monitoring our LLM operations.
So we should also check out Pezzo, in my opinion.
I want to talk about LLM security for a moment.
So in this course,
we haven't really talked about this subject.
So there's a difference
when we develop an LLM application locally,
between deploying it into production,
because once it's deployed in production
and we have real customers using it,
then we need to make sure that our LLM application
is threat safe.
And that's a pretty challenging thing to do
because large language models and usage of them
bring a lot of new attack vectors.
So things like prompt injection and agents accessing data
that they shouldn't access.
So those things are real world problems
that we need to take account of.
So recently, LangChain made a huge repository change
where all the code that was not safe
and held new vulnerabilities
was moved to this experimental directory.
So overall, security is something important in my opinion,
and maybe I'm just mentioning it
because I come from a security background,
but I think it's important to know and to explore,
especially when we are dealing with LLMs.
Now let's talk about resources and where do I suggest you go
to find new information
when it comes to generative AI application developments,
and LangChain, LangSmith, other frameworks, all of that?
So really the two things I highly suggest you do,
and in my opinion, it would cover most of it,
is one to follow the LangChain blogs,
so every week they release new blog,
and new ideas, new implementations about generative AI
and gen AI application development.
And I think it's an excellent source of information
for you to keep going.
And the other thing I highly suggest you joining Twitter
and reading about generative AI in there,
there are a lot of people that post things
about researchers and about new applications,
new use cases, and new ways to optimize things.
So I highly recommend you joining Twitter
and follow it there because all the news,
all of that are being directly streamed into Twitter.
So that's pretty much it.
I do update this course frequently.
So when something new and important comes out,
I do update this course.
And I hope you enjoyed this course,
and if you do want to support me,
I'd appreciate a Udemy review.
This really helps me to spread around the world,
and thank you so much.